hey everyone are you looking for some
fun ways to make your school supplies a
lot cuter in this video I'm going to
show you how you can customize your
school supplies in a creative way
without spending lots of money these
ideas are fun and easy to recreate and
you only need just a few things so let's
begin
for the first idea take a thick paper it
has the same size as your notebook cover
then attach the washi tape into a square
like this after that dip your brush into
lots of water and paint and start
dabbing the brush onto the paper
creating clouds shapes around the frame
you just created
you can also drip some paint to the
paper as well by dabbing the brush a
little bit just step without thinking
too much and add more and more color
around the frame and let it dry
completely after that remove the washi
tape really carefully now I turn around
the cover like this so there's no
notebook paper underneath add some Mod
Podge with a sponge brush and then add
the paper to it then you can turn around
the notebook and let it dry and you're
done
so next notebook I chose a patterned
white paper and attach washi tape the
same way as I did with the first idea
this time I also added another washi
tape frame around it this way it looks a
lot cuter and you get a nice name tag
for your notebook if you want you can
add washi tape around the edges as well
as added here and then we just need to
glue on the paper as we did with the
first notebook and you get a huge
personalized washi tape notebook color
next idea is perfect for books as well
when you don't want to damage them fold
the paper around the notebook edge and
do the same on the other side now you
should have two centimetres white paper
sticking out above and below the
notebook when you have that cut in a
small strap it has the same width as the
spine of your book then fold over the
flaps now you just need to fold over the
paper around the edges of your book and
fixing them with some clear tape for the
classy look I glued on a doily to the
paper as well but since this can get
damaged and your schoolbag I wanted to
add some translucent contact paper
around the book to secure it for this
step you almost have to repeat the same
steps as you do it by covering the book
to avoid bubbles underneath you can use
a ruler and slowly move it towards the
edge while releasing more and more
contact paper
then just cut off the excess contact
paper and go on the rest of the paper
and you get a cute notebook cover but
you can also use washi tape you can add
them vertically or diagonally as I did
when you meet the edge cut off your
washi tape and fold over the excess tip
to the inside I decided to decorate the
front only so I cut off the tape around
the spine if you covered everything as
you wish you can now cover up the tape
that you fold in with some washi tape
this way the inside will look more clean
and you get a cute washi tape notebook
now let's decorate our pants there are
several ways how you can decorate them
first you can take washi tape around the
whole bald pan by turning around the pan
while adding more and more tape to it
but you can also attach washi tape
around the refill as well or you can cut
off some decorative paper that has the
same size as your PIN and then wrap it
around the refill so it's a bit easier
to roll it then you just need to put the
rolled paper into the pan and cut off
the excess part that might stick out if
necessary after that just put the refill
back inside and you get a cute ball pen
as for pencils there are several ways to
decorate them as well first you can
cover them with decorative paper as well
just add some glue to the piece of paper
and wrap it around the pan make sure
that the edge of the paper is glued to
the pan so it's looking towards you when
you hold the pen this way it's easier to
sharpen them and you get a cute
decorative pen but you can also wrap
around washi tape the steps are similar
to the paper method best thing about
decorating pens is that you can decorate
them however you like but you can also
decorate your erasers you basically need
to just cool on some decorative paper or
washi tape to the eraser holder but make
sure you remove the eraser from it
before you glue on the paper or you
might glue on the paper to the eraser
the same goes to your glue stick you can
decorate it with washi tape or
decorative paper and I think even if
it's a super simple way it looks a lot
more fun and these were my ideas that
you can decorate your school supplies
there are lots of other ideas but I just
wanted to show you some easy techniques
and some creative ways how you can
decorate your school supplies and make
them more
YOUnique let me know how you are going
to decorate the school supplies if you
are going to I would love to know that I
hope you enjoyed this video and found it
helpful if so if this video a thumbs up
and share it with your friends make sure
to subscribe if you haven't already to
see more fun and easy DIYs in the future
have a wonderful day everyone and see
you next week